Minor copy update: Tracking tutorial page (#4282)
Napari/napari: docs/tutorials/tracking/index.md

# Tracking

> This section contains tutorials for [tracking layers](../tutorials/tracking).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section contains tutorials showing how to work with object tracking data and how to format it for display as a napari [tracks layer](../tutorials/tracking).
```
